network performance monitoring iterative improvements (#5059)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/infrastructure/network_performance_monitor.md

## Setup
### Installation

> Network flow monitoring requires Datadog Agent 6.12+. To enable network flow monitoring, configure your `agent.yaml` file based on the your system setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Network performance monitoring requires Datadog Agent v6.12+. To enable network performance monitoring, configure your `agent.yaml` file based on your system setup.
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Agent" %}}

> To enable Network Performance monitoring on the Datadog Agent, use these configurations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable network performance monitoring on the Datadog Agent, use these configurations:
```

          httpGet:
            path: /health
            port: 5555
          initialDelaySeconds: 15
          periodSeconds: 15
          timeoutSeconds: 5
          successThreshold: 1
          failureThreshold: 3
      volumes:
        - {name: dockersocket, hostPath: {path: /var/run/docker.sock}}
        - {name: procdir, hostPath: {path: /proc}}
        - {name: cgroups, hostPath: {path: /sys/fs/cgroup}}
        - {name: s6-run, emptyDir: {}}
        - {name: debugfs, hostPath: {path: /sys/kernel/debug}}
```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Docker" %}}

To enable Network Performance monitoring in Docker, use these configurations:

```
# Configured with exact capabilities that we need
$ docker run -e DD_API_KEY="YOUR_API_KEY" \
	-e DD_SYSTEM_PROBE_ENABLED=true \
	-e DD_PROCESS_AGENT_ENABLED=true \
        -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro \
        -v /proc/:/host/proc/:ro \
        -v /sys/fs/cgroup/:/host/sys/fs/cgroup:ro \
	-v /sys/kernel/debug:/sys/kernel/debug \
	--security-opt apparmor:unconfined \
	--cap-add=SYS_ADMIN \
	--cap-add=SYS_RESOURCE \
	--cap-add=SYS_PTRACE \
	--cap-add=NET_ADMIN \
	datadog/agent:6.12.0
  ```

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> For more configurations, see the [configurations listed here][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more configurations, see the [example agent.yaml files][1].
```

- `Sent` metrics measure the value of something from the `source` to the `destination`
- `Received` metrics measure the value of something from the `destination` to the `source` as measured from the source.

> The default collection interval is five minutes and retention is five days. Metrics might be different for `some.metric(a to b)` and `some.metric(b to a)` if there is a large number of packet drops on one leg of the trip. In this case, if `b` sends a lot of bytes to `a`, the flows that originate at `b` include those bytes, but the flows that originate at `a` do not see them as received.

Reviewer: I'd remove `leg of the trip`. This might not translate well. Maybe replace with `transmittal`.

Author: I just removed it all together, because this is true really whenever the packet drops happen.

> The default collection interval is five minutes and retention is five days. Metrics might be different for `some.metric(a to b)` and `some.metric(b to a)` if there is a large number of packet drops on one leg of the trip. In this case, if `b` sends a lot of bytes to `a`, the flows that originate at `b` include those bytes, but the flows that originate at `a` do not see them as received.

Author: ```suggestion
The default collection interval is five minutes and retention is five days. Metrics might be different for `some.metric(a to b)` and `some.metric(b to a)` if there is a large number of packet drops. In this case, if `b` sends a lot of bytes to `a`, the flows that originate at `b` include those bytes, but the flows that originate at `a` do not see them as received.
```
